c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.exe.config
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.exe
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.pdb
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.InitialBotForm.resources
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.exe
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.pdb
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.csproj.DellChatBot.exe.config
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Model.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Utilities.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Uc.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.xml
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Model.xml
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\az-latn-az\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\be-by\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\bg-bg\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ca-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\cs-cz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\da-dk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\de-de\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\el-gr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\en-us\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\es-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\et-ee\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\eu-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fi-fi\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fil-ph\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fr-fr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\gl-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hi-in\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hr-hr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hu-hu\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\id-id\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\it-it\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ja-jp\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\kk-kz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ko-kr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lt-lt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lv-lv\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\mk-mk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ms-my\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nb-no\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nl-nl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pl-pl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-br\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-pt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ro-ro\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ru-ru\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sk-sk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sl-si\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sq-al\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sv-se\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\th-th\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\tr-tr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uk-ua\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uz-latn-uz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\vi-vn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-cn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-tw\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\az-latn-az\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\be-by\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\bg-bg\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ca-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\cs-cz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\da-dk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\de-de\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\el-gr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\en-us\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\es-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\et-ee\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\eu-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fi-fi\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fil-ph\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fr-fr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\gl-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hi-in\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hr-hr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hu-hu\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\id-id\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\it-it\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ja-jp\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\kk-kz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ko-kr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lt-lt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lv-lv\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\mk-mk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ms-my\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nb-no\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nl-nl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pl-pl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-br\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-pt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ro-ro\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ru-ru\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sk-sk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sl-si\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sq-al\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sv-se\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\th-th\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\tr-tr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uk-ua\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uz-latn-uz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\vi-vn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-cn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\nikhil_pularru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-tw\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.exe
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.pdb
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.exe
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.pdb
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Model.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Utilities.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Uc.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Model.xml
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\az-latn-az\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\be-by\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\bg-bg\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ca-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\cs-cz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\da-dk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\de-de\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\el-gr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\en-us\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\es-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\et-ee\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\eu-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fi-fi\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fil-ph\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fr-fr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\gl-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hi-in\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hr-hr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hu-hu\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\id-id\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\it-it\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ja-jp\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\kk-kz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ko-kr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lt-lt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lv-lv\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\mk-mk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ms-my\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nb-no\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nl-nl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pl-pl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-br\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-pt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ro-ro\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ru-ru\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sk-sk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sl-si\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sq-al\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sv-se\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\th-th\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\tr-tr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uk-ua\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uz-latn-uz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\vi-vn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-cn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-tw\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\az-latn-az\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\be-by\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\bg-bg\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ca-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\cs-cz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\da-dk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\de-de\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\el-gr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\en-us\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\es-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\et-ee\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\eu-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fi-fi\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fil-ph\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fr-fr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\gl-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hi-in\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hr-hr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hu-hu\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\id-id\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\it-it\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ja-jp\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\kk-kz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ko-kr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lt-lt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lv-lv\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\mk-mk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ms-my\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nb-no\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nl-nl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pl-pl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-br\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-pt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ro-ro\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ru-ru\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sk-sk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sl-si\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sq-al\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sv-se\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\th-th\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\tr-tr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uk-ua\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uz-latn-uz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\vi-vn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-cn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-tw\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.csproj.DellChatBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.InitialBotForm.resources
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Documents\GOV ChatBot\DellChatBot\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.exe
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.pdb
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.exe
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.pdb
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Model.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Utilities.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Uc.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Model.xml
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\az-latn-az\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\be-by\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\bg-bg\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ca-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\cs-cz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\da-dk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\de-de\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\el-gr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\en-us\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\es-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\et-ee\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\eu-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fi-fi\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fil-ph\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fr-fr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\gl-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hi-in\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hr-hr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hu-hu\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\id-id\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\it-it\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ja-jp\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\kk-kz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ko-kr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lt-lt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lv-lv\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\mk-mk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ms-my\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nb-no\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nl-nl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pl-pl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-br\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-pt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ro-ro\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ru-ru\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sk-sk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sl-si\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sq-al\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sv-se\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\th-th\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\tr-tr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uk-ua\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uz-latn-uz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\vi-vn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-cn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-tw\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\az-latn-az\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\be-by\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\bg-bg\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ca-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\cs-cz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\da-dk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\de-de\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\el-gr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\en-us\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\es-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\et-ee\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\eu-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fi-fi\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fil-ph\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\fr-fr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\gl-es\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hi-in\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hr-hr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\hu-hu\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\id-id\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\it-it\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ja-jp\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\kk-kz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ko-kr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lt-lt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\lv-lv\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\mk-mk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ms-my\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nb-no\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\nl-nl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pl-pl\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-br\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\pt-pt\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ro-ro\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ru-ru\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sk-sk\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sl-si\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sq-al\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\sv-se\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\th-th\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\tr-tr\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uk-ua\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\uz-latn-uz\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\vi-vn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-cn\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\zh-tw\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.csproj.DellChatBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.InitialBotForm.resources
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Nikhil_Pularru\Source\Repos\SkypeAutoSupport\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.exe.config
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.exe
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.pdb
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.exe
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\DellChatBot.pdb
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ChatBot.Data.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ChatBot.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Flurl.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ChatBot.Data.pdb
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\ChatBot.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Flurl.pdb
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Flurl.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.pdb
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.InitialBotForm.resources
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\pavan_bhushan_k_n\Source\Repos\NewRepo\ChatBotClient\DellChatBot\obj\Debug\DellChatBot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
